to see for those who have problems and they
so your iphone after having
I've done the icloud bypass what they're going
to do is
with a chip or with the same one that they already had
inside they are going to extract
this alone can do the same as
always does
they will place it on an iphone
this perfect that works very well
to insert the sim
and once you recognize them you are going to leave
to configuration
phone
down here at the end of the sim are going to
activate a pin let's say we can put
four zeros
okay
if they do not leave we will give you 41
Unite is activated from zinc
Well, he left me active with 1 2 3 4
is already active
now let's get these and this one
of this iphone this is without any
problem this works well
and we are going to insert it
on the iphone that we just unlocked
and we insert and we give good range
before retry, ask for the code
pin that is what we just put
on the other phone we will give
unlock here we will place 1234
that was the pin that we assigned
we're going to have it here to get the
sim and we give him ok
here it says that the pin is correct and at
get out that screen let's take out the sim
we leave that message like that and we return it
to insert the sim and we give it ok
here shows the message of the pin code
if it does not go out the first time, they'll go back to
try to unblock 1 2 3 4
try to take out and put back the
racing fast once you have said
which is correct
we take it out
and we put it back
I give him ok
and after being if he came, he sends me this
I already give you only ok message and I give it
behind
and it is perfect and enters
keep in mind that this chip that you
leave inside is the one that will serve them
for
to continue using it in this way
here you can turn it off
and when you turn on the suns, you're just going to
send the message where in pin code you
they are going to give good will give the options ok
and unlock